Add configuration file path setting using env variable (#136)
ansible/ansible-navigator: docs/configuration.rst

configuration file. The configuration file can live in one of several places.
Currently the following paths are checked and the first match is used:

- ``ANSIBLE_NAVIGATOR_CONFIG`` (configuration file path environment variable if set)
- ``./.ansible-navigator/ansible-navigator.yml`` (project-specific directory)
- ``[ansible-navigator source code root]/etc/ansible-navigator/ansible-navigator.yml``
- ``~/.config/ansible-navigator/ansible-navigator.yml``
- ``/etc/ansible-navigator/ansible-navigator.yml``
- ``[prefix]/etc/ansible-navigator/ansible-navigator.yml`` (e.g., ``/usr/local/etc/...``)

.. note::
   The configuration file extension can be either ``.yml`` or ``.yaml``. If files with both
   extension are present in that case ``.yml`` is given preference over ``.yaml``.

> Here is an example configuration file which can be copied into one of those paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can copy the example configuration file below into one of those paths to start your ``ansible-navigator`` config file.
```
